Add ember-page-title in app blueprint (#1)
KamiKillertO/rfcs: text/0000-add-ember-page-title-addon.md

- Start Date: 2020-06-24
- Relevant Team(s): Ember CLI
- RFC PR: (after opening the RFC PR, update this with a link to it and update the file name)
- Tracking: (leave this empty)
- Authors: Benjamin Jegard

> # RFC to add ember-page-title to the default app blueprint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Add ember-page-title to the app blueprint
```

## Summary

> Add https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons/ember-page-title as a default addon for the app blueprints. (addons too ?)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add [`ember-page-title`](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons/ember-page-title) to the default blueprint for new Ember apps as a way to provide improved out-of-the-box (OOB) accessibility for Ember applications.
```

## Motivation

> This RFC is part of the work made by Ember.js Accessibility Strike Team to ensure that newly created ember apps have no accessibility issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This RFC is part of the work made by the Ember.js Accessibility Strike Team to ensure that newly created ember apps have no accessibility issues.
```

Users with assistive technology rely on the page title to know if they are on the correct page of a website.
Adding this addon will provide developers a simple solution to achieve the [WCAG Success Criterion 2.4.2: Page Titled](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/page-titled.html)

## Detailed design

> 1. Move ember-page-title to the ember-cli org (?) (already in ember-adopted-addon org)

Reviewer: I would move this into unresolved questions for now.

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't, because it's part of the proposed design. I've suggested some alternative for the text here, though. 👍

> 1. Move ember-page-title to the ember-cli org (?) (already in ember-adopted-addon org)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Make [`ember-page-title`](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons/ember-page-title) an official Ember addon by transferring `ember-page-title` repo to the [Ember CLI org](https://github.com/ember-cli) (it's currently in the [Adopted Ember Addons org](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons))
```

2. Add the dependency to the app blueprint here: https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/blob/master/blueprints/app/files/package.json#L19

> 3. Update app blueprint to include `<HeadLayout />` on top of https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/blob/master/blueprints/app/files/app/templates/application.hbs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Update app blueprint to include `<HeadLayout />` at the top of [application.hbs](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/blob/master/blueprints/app/files/app/templates/application.hbs)
```

> 3. Update app blueprint to include `{{head-layout}}` on top of https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/blob/master/blueprints/app/files/app/templates/application.hbs

Reviewer 3: Should this include an angular bracket component invocation?
```suggestion
3. Update app blueprint to include `<HeadLayout />` on top of https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/blob/master/blueprints/app/files/app/templates/application.hbs
```

Author: Yes, you're right @abhilashlr

> 4. Update route blueprint to include `{{page-title "Route name"}}` on top of the route template file

Reviewer: Would `"Route name"` be derived from somewhere?

Author: `Route name` would be the route name provided by the command `ember generate route route-name`.
I can update this line like so
```suggestion
4. Update route blueprint to include `{{page-title RouteName}}` on top of the route template file, where `RouteName` is the route name provided to the command `ember generate route`
```

Author: By the way, I couldn't find where/how this file is created  🤔

Reviewer: Route blueprint is in the ember.js repo: https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/blob/master/blueprints/route/files/__root__/__path__/__name__.js

Author: Thanks

## How we teach this

> Update the "Page Title" section in [Page Template Considerations](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/accessibility/page-template-considerations) to use `ember-page-title`.

Reviewer: I like to think of this section of RFCs as the teacher's editions of the books. It is important that this section contains the information necessary for anyone teaching it to both understand the functionality and how they should teach it to others.

Reviewer: Separate comment, is this enough to cover the 80% case, or should we weave it into Super Rentals and other sections of the Guides?

## Drawbacks

> - An additional dependency.

Reviewer: Could you write a bit more detail on what this additional dependency entails? For example, if it affects the build pipeline or just the build artifact, if the size difference is noticeable, what new components/helpers/modifiers are introduced to templates? The last one is a potential source of name clashing, since there is only one global scope.

> ## Alternatives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Alternatives

N/A
```
